# hello-world

My name is Amir Yunas.  I have a background in Systems Engineering & Analysis, and Operations Research.  For those that don't know, Systems Engineering as in Interdisciplinary Field that serves as the glue that puts together all parts of large scale or complicated systems or processes, and oversees it from cradle to grave.  It was established as a need by the Department of Defense, and has evolved into a cross-industry type of role.  I like to think of Systems Engineer's and the Psychologists of the IT world, where they are required to connect and communicate with both the technical and nontechnical stakeholders involved in the organizaiton.  Systems Engineering only became a discipline when systems became so large scale and complex, that a need arose to address how to manage all the complexities of complicated systems.  It's just like for large businesses and enterprises, there arose a need to develop ERP "enterprise resoucrce planning" systems to deal with managing and coordinting of resources. 

I was born and raised in Virginia Beach.  I went to school at George Mason University, graduated with a B.S. in Systems Engineering, then I worked at the MITRE corporation for 2 years.  After that, I got married and decided to do a 6 year Sabbatical in Saudi Arabia, where we had the opportunity to live in another country, and experience another culture.  Over there, I studied the Arabic Language, religion, and culture.  

After graduating with a degree in Arabic Language, we returned back to the states.  We first came back to my hometown of Va. Beach, where we stayed with my parents, but it wasn't working out for us too well over there, so we decided to check out the great state of Texas, where my in-laws live.  It turned out to be the best move we've ever made.  We absolutely love it out here in the greater Dallas area.  So many opportunities for family, and work, and just a great atmosphere overall.  

Since coming to Dallas, I've been getting up to speed on the in's and out's of the IT world.  I've been taking classes, attending conferences and workshops, and doing online training as well, as we get settled here in Allen, Texas.  My first class I took was a local class held by one of the religious centers here in AWS (Amazon Web Services).  I fell in love with AWS during and after the class, and I decided to put all my efforts into understanding it, becoming proficient in it.  I believe that AWS puts into perspective the entire field of IT, and gives you understanding of how IT evolved and became what it is today.  

I'm currently working on getting certified in AWS, at least the associate exams (architect / sysops ) and maybe the advanced networking specialty exam.  In addition to that, I found an appreciation for the simplicitiy and widespread use of Python as a programming language to develop proficiency in it as well.  As for automation, which is a part and parcel of any cloud engineer's toolkit, I have leaned towards Ansible #1, primarily due to its connection with python, and Docker for containerization.  I've also had to pick up some javascript working JSON when developing Alexa skills or setting up IoT hubs in Azure. 


